ooh who's that
chase buddy man how you been bro dude Oh
a long time morning y'all I set that
trotline yesterday for a reason CL
grande dog-sit silver down here behind
me and Julian we have Chris holding over
here come in for some fishing and one
behold chase chance get them out on some
hogs we're gonna go check this line and
see if we don't have a few big catfish
or at least a couple on there you never
know forty-five hooks almost 500 foot a
trotline
oh yeah big big cat yeah I'm holding I'm
holding we got a big one on what do you
think Julian ready what we should let
Julian pull it see if it'll pull him in
accord yes I just pie can be Chase's
biggest catfish ever he's gonna bring
off this line guys oh yeah good 15 20
pounder down there just keep pulling us
up because I'm gonna have together
there's another big one there how you
want to do oh yeah we're gonna net him
oh nice fish you see that oh yeah all
right go ahead and unhook it hang on
your line all right all right let's dump
him out oh no come out over there he'll
have to get him on the other side we'll
get another big one I need my net
we got another thing we had another big
one right here guys a good size another
big one bring her on oh you know yeah a
little bit smaller that would be smart
about an eight pounder fat belly
oh these not doing good with a net yeah
unhook it might be another big one down
there further all right let's take a
quick break get these off the hooks
you
pull up Gillian watch your poll watch
your poll pull out just real real real
real but pull your line over here you
get your the other poll buff real he
might have gotten off which is real
anyway just keep reeling keep reeling
yeah you keep drop the rod drop drop the
rod and reel okay look look Julian real
real fast when we draw okay stop now
pull it up there you go okay stop or
don't reel no more back up to the back
walk back just walk backwards pull it
can you pull the rod my way there we go
look at that see Collin catfish works
just call them right now
it worked keep by that rope beautiful
beautiful heck yeah nice one a good five
pounder
about five pounds four and a half five
pounds when I come from Center Tim call
it 10 doubles two at a time got Julian
here got chaser over here on one it's
hitting them left and right
running out of space in the cooler yeah
push pull you're going to Lynne Julian a
funny guy I miss my buddies side that's
bendin that's a good fish keep reeling
Julian good fish another rod nice why
you can walk it away from it and coming
against your mud five minutes on a wine
is gonna follow you
ready here we go
avalanche birdie is that are you
Wackerman skagle I'm sure oh my goodness
not sure you got that you got broken
there's a big Daddy right there
here's stack them up so we can get well
y'all I tell you what it was a heck of a
lot of fun on this trip and we caught
quite a few fish 43 of them here about
half of them on rod and reel and it was
difficult the wind was blowing bad just
busting us around but some good keepers
some good fish and have some good eating
good company good company for sure
appreciate y'all coming thanks Pete
we'll do it again Julian I had a lot of
fun Chris and Jase always always how
many times we've been with DNA three
times yeah this is the best trip best
rate always had ton of fun but it's the
best trip fish wise and I tell you what
I'm probably gonna have to go buy me a
Zebco after watching Julian tear him up
today I mean just one dish but another
after another and he started off he
wanted that he wanted that rod to be set
in the water and we put it out there and
I see why he wanted it so I'm going to
call mark right now a lot of work ahead
of us get these things cleaned up and
get some fillets made all right Michael
Sam